Hi, my name is Brandon. I've
had—I
won't call it a visitation, but I saw
some things when I was praying in the
spirit, and I want to tell you
what the Lord showed me. All right,
here we go. I was praying just like I
do on a normal night.
It wasn't anything special; there
wasn't anything different about the
prayer. I was just interceding, and it was
in a Chinese-like
dialect. It
was different, but it was deep
intercession, so I figured I was praying
for somebody. In my spirit eyes,
what the Lord opens up to me whenever
I'm interceding for somebody, or
the country, or
whatever—a
lot of times he'll give me cues and
show me the direction I'm
going or who I'm praying for.
In this, I started to go into deep
groanings. It was
very intense, different than any
other time I've had in a long time.
Out of my innermost being, out of
my spirit, it was coming up and rolling
out of me. In my
intercession, I couldn't get tongues
out fast enough for what I was
interceding for. It's like I birthed it,
and I was translated in my spirit eyes. I
was
in this jungle-like place, and
that’s
all I could see on both
sides of me, but I was being ushered in. It
was
like I was being pushed from behind
very quickly, and all of a
sudden, I saw this temple in front of
me. I went into this temple that
was
like beautiful platinum,
but it wasn't gold or silver;
it was see-through,
almost transparent, the most
beautiful metal.
I don't know what the throne
room was;
I've never seen that on
this Earth before. I
went into this temple and
saw
this being on a throne.
It was carved out
and
beautiful. I could see
the throne, but I could
only
see a glimpse. I looked up because,
as
I walked in, he was high and
lifted up.
I glimpsed
and
thought in my
spirit,
'Where am I? Who is this?'And he said, 'I Am
that I Am.'When he said that, he shook
the whole temple. The
foundation, everything was being shaken by
his words. I screamed; it
freaked me out because it was so
powerful. At that time, I
glanced up
to the top and could see this
gold and this red ruby.
It was
gorgeous.
All
of a sudden, a light
beyond any kind of light I've ever seen
appeared.
There's nothing on this Earth
as
bright as what I saw. You can look at the
sun at noon, and it's
still not as bright.
There were three stages of light:
a light that wasn't as
bright, a
brighter light, and then the center light.
The light in the center was so
bright it was piercing; if you looked
at it, it would melt you. I couldn't look
at it. I could see the outer light, but
I tried to glance up
and
it was
piercing me. It was
incredible; words cannot
describe what I'm trying
to say. The
English vocabulary does not wrap
around my intellect to tell
you what I was seeing.
Let me say it like living
water.
When he spoke,
his words would go out and
stay alive. I can't skip
around too far. Whenever I was at the
altar, there was water
at the base of it.
It
was
ankle-deep,
knee-deep,
and
waist-deep,
and then you could see in the
deep it went over
an edge and went
way down. In this water, you
could take your whole body all the way
to the bottom.
The water was the clearest, bluest,
most beautiful water I've ever seen.
You could just drink
it and want
more because the water was so
perfect. It was flowing out of the
throne, flowing out of him;
it
was
living water.
He spoke to me for about an hour in
this encounter
about the end
times, the church, and
personal stuff about my life and
family.
When he spoke, his words
would come out of that light
in
English, but they would be really
big, then stop upon the
water and get
smaller until they
turned
into a
seed. The words wouldn't die; they remained alive and
would start to grow.
They were like a seed right in front of your face. They started growing and cultivating roots, like a
potato or a peanut in a farm. The
words
became
alive. Every time he would speak, they would start to
form
and
grow together. I know the
Bible says we are made in his image, but
he is
God. All of a sudden, out of that light, a
massive eyeball came out.
It was an all-seeing
eye. It came right up
within probably fifteen feet
of me.
It was everything I could do
not to wet myself;
that’s
how intense
and
scary it was. All I wanted to do was cry
out in repentance and ask God
to
forgive me. He
is
holy and merciful.
It
shook me to the core.
In that eye, in the iris,
there was fire. The fire was
growing and moving; it
was alive.
The flames were dancing
upon each other. It was so
intense.
Every time he
spoke,
the words came out
of that
light.
He
talked
to me about a verse I had
been discussing with him.
I’ve
been hearing from
certain ministers that
there is no end-time revival,
but
I was asking
him about this. I quoted the scripture, 'As
the days of Noah, so will it be when the
Son of Man returns.'They were put
in the boat and left; there was
no big revival.
I was
praying in tongues, and he was
speaking to me in
tongues. His tongue was very deep
and
masculine,
like
echoes, like living water
flowing out of him. It was
a heavenly
language
I’ve
never
heard before.
His tongue was
like
roaring
thunder when he
spoke,
but I understood everything he was
saying. When I spoke
in
tongues, he
understood
me.
We were
talking to each other,
and
I understood him in English in my ears even
though
it was in
tongues. He was speaking to me
as 'I Am that I
Am.'I
hope my words are
giving some justice to this.
He said,
'Son, you have no idea the real
translation of those scriptures.
You need to go back to the
Greek and study my word
more than just the King James or the
Amplified versions. Study
the meaning of each
word.'He
asked,
'Who says that I'm coming back
right now?'I mentioned the signs of the times. He said,
'I
am
in control of
time,'and
he shook
the foundation of the temple.
'I will come back when I am
ready. I said in my word that I'm
coming back for a spotless bride, and the
bride is not ready yet. My Son's
return—he
doesn't even know, nor the
angels in heaven. I
will come back when I am
ready.'I
was quoting scriptures
back to him with my little
peanut brain,
but
he was quoting back a
thousand more.
It was just
flowing out of him.
He said, 'I want to show
you something.'I hope I’m not
skipping around, but the
Spirit will
bring stuff back to me.
There was a preacher—I will
not release his name—who was
interceding on the Earth.
The Lord allowed me to
hear his prayer. I was standing at
the altar, and I
saw a
shaft of light
like a flaming comet coming up from
the Earth. It circled the throne room;
they were prayers echoing
from
this
man. He was interceding
for the
continents of the world, and they were
coming up before the Father.
This man
came to the throne room in the spirit,
and a transparent
globe wrapped around him.
Beams of light
were coming out of
his belly,
shooting to places on
the globe
like
South America, Europe,
Asia, America, and Canada.
He
was interceding for an
end-time
revival. The Lord told me, 'Go and
tell this family member
that
their theology of
no
end-time
revival
is
nonsense. There will be a great revival,
a harvest of souls,
an outpouring of my Spirit, and
many
healings. I will not be defeated,
and you will not be defeated. You will
walk in a great victory in these last
days. I am not coming back for a
church that is weak and defeated. You
will go forth into this world and do
what I've called you to do
with great
victory.'He
said many people
have an escape
mentality. 'You will not have
an
escape mentality because times are
hard. You will press into me and walk in
my
glory. I never designed the
armor for
retreat;
I designed it for
charging ahead and taking
dominion.'He
said the teaching
that
there is no
end-time revival
is
nonsense. When he said that, he was
angry, and
it shook the
foundation. He said there are
challenging times
ahead. There's a great
shifting—like
corn being shucked. He said,
'I'm going to shuck the corn,
son.'I'm
from Oklahoma,
so
I get that. 'We're going to
pull it back,
clean it up, and
make it
ready.'He
showed me the
bride
in the throne room.
She had a beautiful lace gown,
but
it
had black
spots
and
smudges like
soot.
He said, 'I told
you in my word that I'm coming back for
a spotless bride. It's time for you to
come out of the ankle-deep water and come to the deeper water.'I wanted to go in that deep water
so bad.
He
said, 'Brandon, you've been in that deeper
water before. It's like muscle
memory. You'll
build your muscles up
spiritually and
just flow back into it.
Seek
me.'He
talked
to
me
about
finances
because I’ve been praying
for
million-dollar
ideas.
He said sternly, 'Where in my
word did I
tell you to pray like that?
Seek first the
kingdom, and all these things will be
added unto you. Seeking
finances that way is idolatry.
Seek me,
and I will give you the
secret things.
I have no problem blessing
you with
money
as long as that money doesn't
have you. As soon as
I can trust you with that
outflow, you'll have
it.'I
told
him
I
was
sorry and
that
I
wanted
to be
spotless
and
usable.
Jesus is
coming back for a
victorious church, not
one
that
is
retreating. The gospel that
must be preached is repentance.
We
must
seek his face and
know his
heart. He said, 'If you lay your head upon
my chest every day, I will
whisper
the secret
things
to
you
in
a
still, small
voice.'I
was interceding for America
and crying out for
revival
on the East
Coast. He told me, 'I will not let
America become a goat
nation, for your founding fathers
made a covenant with
me.'He
took me to Plymouth Rock
and showed me the pilgrims
making
a covenant
and
taking
communion.
He said
those prayers still echo
in
his
ears.
I saw George Washington
crying out on the battlefield,
and God gave him
strength
and
victory.
The Lord said those men
died for
freedom, and he will not let
their blood go. He said
what we are going
through
now
is not
judgment,
but correction. 'True
judgment is separation from me
for
eternity.
This
is
just
correction.
You will be
a sheep nation.'He said things
are
coming to this area
and
we
must
draw close
to him
to hear
what's coming. There's a
shaking
coming,
but
it's a
father's
love. A great revival
is coming, and no man will get the glory. I
saw
glory domes
where
people
were
healed by the
power of God. People
were coming
from everywhere to be part of
it.
There was revival happening everywhere,
but especially in the center of America.
Lives were being changed
throughout the
world—Europe,
Africa,
everywhere.
I
want to thank you all for
listening.
I pray, Father,
in the name of Jesus,
that you anoint these people
to do something great.
Pour out your Spirit.
We are the
head and not the tail.
I take authority over
sickness and disease right now.
Satan,
leave them alone. I call them healed
and whole by the power of the
blood of Jesus, from the
top of
their heads
to
the
soles
of their feet. Thank you for
the blood and
for forgiving
our sins.
I give you praise
and glory for what you're about to do. In
Jesus'name,
have a blessed
day,
and
I appreciate you
listening. Bye-bye.